For the first preview, I feel that I have gotten a large portion of work done. Specifically, I took the image that I found of Earth from NASA and I indexed it's colors, and then went color by color and changed each color so that I could create an image of Earth that looked dry and desolate. I cut a sliver of Earth by finding an image of a clock at about 11:58, and then cut the area between the hour and minute hands out using the free select tool. I then very carefully aligned the sliver of Earth over the image of the desolate Earth. I made the colors a little bit more vivid on the image of Earth to help it stand out against the rest of the dry Earth. I also added clock hands to the picture by using the selection tools, selecting a thin rectangular region, and filling it in with black. I then copied and pasted another one onto the image, and used the rotation tool in order to get the angle just right so that it would fit the small sliver of Earth between the two hands. Then I cut a small piece from the vertical rectangle to make that the hour hand. The last element that I added to the piece was the numbers on the clock. I'm not sure whether or not I like them, but it also helps to distinguish the meaning behind the image a bit better. I found a picture of a clock that I could scale to my image size and then used that as a reference for placing the numbers over the image of Earth. I haven't decided on what I want to add to the bottom third of my image, although I know I want it to be informative text about global warming and the Doomsday Clock.
