For this preview, I didn't do too much editing on the main image itself, but I
did rearrange the layers and add text to the image. I decided to go with a font
called Roboto for the "headline" of the image and a font called Josefin Sans for
the bottom text. The Roboto is a really simple and clean font, and the Josefin
Sans is more of a unique, stylized, yet simple font that adds an interesting
juxtaposition against the more simple style of the Roboto font. As for the text
itself, I added a question directed at the reader ("If we only had 100 seconds
to save the world, would you do your part?") to grab their attention as the top
text, and the bottom text calls the reader to act now in order to combat climate
change ("There is still time to reverse the clock on climate change.\n\n The
time to act is now."). In between these text boxes, I moved the image of the
"Doomsday Clock." I was hesitant to do this at first because the format reminds
me a lot of internet memes, but I think it works in this case. I want to
experiment more with the layout and see if there are any other, more unique
configurations for the image that would take the argument to the next level. I'm
also not completely sold with my use of Roboto, so I might continue to look for
complimentary fonts before the next submission. Additionally, I want to consider
using color in the fonts, but white looks the best against the black so far. I
want to somehow emphasize the words "reverse" and "now" in the bottom text by
using bold, italics, or color. As for the image itself, I think I'm mostly done
with editing the clock/Earth. I was considering adding fire to the image, but it
would be tricky to convey without making the scale of the fire distractingly
unrealistic. I also haven't played much with the background of the image,
although I like the tone the straight black sets, almost as if the whole image
is devoid of optimism.
